[Music]
this recipe for awesome pasta salad
comes from Allrecipes member ear Lance
who writes it's a very easy side dish
for a picnic or dinner member key scary
writes YUM there is so much flavor with
all the meats and cheeses in this pasta
salad bring a large pot of lightly
salted water to a boil add a pound of
fusilli pasta several all recipes
members suggest using tricolor fusilli
to add more color cook it for eight to
ten minutes or until it's al dente drain
it and rinse it with cold water in a
large bowl combine the pasta with three
cups of how to cherry tomatoes half a
pound of cubed provolone cheese half a
pound of cubed salami
a quarter of a pound of sliced and
halved pepperoni
next add one large green bell pepper cut
into 1-inch pieces for variety
use any color pepper that you like then
add a ten ounce can of drained sliced
and pitted black olives and 1/4 ounce
jar of drained pimentos stir it gently
to combine
[Music]
pour in 1 8 ounce bottle of Italian
salad dressing and toss it to coat
[Music]
refrigerate it for an hour or two for
the flavors to develop Allrecipes member
Fran but writes this recipe for awesome
pasta salad really was awesome and the
recipe made enough for a small army
you'd be good to make if you were going
to a cookout or gathering or having a
party it tastes better the next day
[Music]